pkg: Port NASA/bplib Package (#22091)
RIOT-OS/RIOT: examples/networking/dtn/bplib_cla_udp/README.md

# DTN example using bplib

> [What is DTN?](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Delay-tolerant_networking) Mainly used in space communication contexts for unreliable and/or very delayed connections.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[What is DTN?](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Delay-tolerant_networking) Mainly
used in spacecommunication contexts for unreliable and/or very delayed connections.
```

We usually try to keep the lines below 100 (ideally below 80) characters in Markdown files too. Please adapt the rest of the filt yourself.
